{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 June 6th\
\
	Today, I submitted the project proposal. My aim is to build a platform where people can find information and listings of rooms in The Netherlands. The next steps are to gather data about the rooms, create the three main visualisations and link all together. Then, I can worry about the design and how the webpage looks. \
	For the scrapers, I have to select some websites and build the scrapers (whilst taking care of the uniformity of the data). This data should be stored as cvs or json.\
	For the visualisations, I should start with the map because it is the trigger of the other visualisations. Then, I can build the second frame and finish off with the third frame. \
	The next challenge will be to link all frames and finally build a listing onto the first frame, a filter and a \'93page possibility\'94 (dk the word) onto the second frame.\
\
\
\
June 7th\
\
	I have succeeded in building scrapers for the four main rooming websites. A problem that I encountered while scraping was that one website wouldn\'92t allow bs to scrape it. I thus used selenium with Phantom js to scrape the website as a user.\
	Now, I have to clean the data and make the scrapers run for all required cities and pages. When that will be done, I will create the first element: the map. \
\
}