{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh24000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 June 6th\
\
	Today, I submitted the project proposal. My aim is to build a platform where people can find information and listings of rooms in The Netherlands. The next steps are to gather data about the rooms, create the three main visualisations and link all together. Then, I can worry about the design and how the webpage looks. \
	For the scrapers, I have to select some websites and build the scrapers (whilst taking care of the uniformity of the data). This data should be stored as cvs or json.\
	For the visualisations, I should start with the map because it is the trigger of the other visualisations. Then, I can build the second frame and finish off with the third frame. \
	The next challenge will be to link all frames and finally build a listing onto the first frame, a filter and a \'93page possibility\'94 (dk the word) onto the second frame.\
\
\
\
June 7th\
\
	I have succeeded in building scrapers for the four main rooming websites. A problem that I encountered while scraping was that one website wouldn\'92t allow bs to scrape it. I thus used selenium with Phantom js to scrape the website as a user.\
	Now, I have to clean the data and make the scrapers run for all required cities and pages. When that will be done, I will create the first element: the map. \
\
\
June 8th\
\
	My goal today is to clean the data and start creating the first element: the map. Furthermore, I have to upload a design document (see projects.mprog.nl). Maybe before creating the map, it would be suitable to create canvases in css to frame the different elements of my project. \
	I chose to only retain three websites from the initial five that I built scrapers for. The reason for this was the loss of data (the two discarded websites were the smallest) is negligible when compared with the difficulty that these two websites present in the presentation of their data. If I choose to keep these two, I will have to spend a lot of time to uniformize the collected data. Now the next step is to build the frame in which the different elements of the websites will be put in. \

\b
\b0 I managed to finish up the scrapers but haven\'92t collected the data yet. I will do that FTIM tomorrow. I have more or less managed to insert the canvases/frames into my webpage but I\'92m not happy about the rendering. I will need help with this tomorrow. Tomorrow, my goals will be to have all the data ready, have all the frames ready with already working (1) and (3). That way I can work on the story (2.a) in the weekend and will be able to finish up (2.b) and the filter on Monday morning.\
\
June 9th\
\
	Today, I have managed to get the scrapers working well and have given a presentation about my current progression in the context of the course. The next step will be to collect all the data and create the map for the first \
\
June 13th\
\
	Because of illness, I haven\'92t been able to work on my project yesterday. However, today I have made a lot of progress. I have got all a.\'92s in the framework of my project. This means, I have got a map, a table with the data and a scattergraph. Furthermore, I have all the data prepared. The problem now is that the data needs cleaning on three points (street names, cities (have to start with a capital letter) and I have a lot of outliers. \
	Tomorrow, I will clean the data and run through the different elements of my project. I will start with getting a nice frame for my project through Bootstrap and then go through the elements starting by the map (setting icons at the cities and making it clickable). I hope to be done with that today so I can continue tomorrow with linking all my visualisations.\
\
June 14th\
\
	Today, I started by cleaning my data by removing the outliers. I set the cut-off level at 999 euros for the price and 30 m2 for the surface. Furthermore, I made sure the streetnames have to be without the words \'93camera\'94, \'93gezocht\'94, \'93room\'94 or \'93wanted\'94. \
\
}

# June 15th

	I cleaned up the website today by installing a W3 template. My website looks a lot cleaner now and all the visuals are more or less done.

# June 16th

	Today, I presented my idea. I still have to add two graphs for the price per square meter.

# June 19th

	I have started to link the visuals. This is still very challenging but I'm getting there. Furthermore, I have to make the visuals to update automatically. 
